But
But I only have one now.
You only have one choice now
Just agree to my request
Otherwise, don't talk about your mother's surgery
You can't even pay his hospital bills
I can only take him home to die
If you don't die
How can you live with him?
Your mother gave birth to you and raised you
Is it easy to pull you so hard?
As his daughter
Did you watch him shake to death?
I don't have it. I don't have it.
I think of a way to get money to make money
Not as much as you think
150,000 a college student who just came out of the countryside
What to earn
You have 10 minutes to think about it.
Either agree to my request
Let go of the past
I'll give you 1 million as compensation
Let you have no worries about food and clothing for the rest of your life
Ask your mother to be buried with Xiaohui
And I'll take 1 million as legal fees
Investigate your criminal responsibility for murdering Yi Yi and Xiaohui